                          PUBLIC DOMAIN NOTICE
             National Center for Biotechnology Information

The files in {src,include}/dbapi/driver/ftds/freetds (except for the
makefiles, which NCBI wrote) are distributed under the GNU Library
General Public License; for more details, see the file
src/dbapi/driver/ftds/freetds/COPYING.LIB and the copyright notices in
the individual FreeTDS source files.

The "configure" script was generated by GNU Autoconf, and contains the
following notice:
# Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002
# Free Software Foundation, Inc.
# This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation
# gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.

The same goes for the auxiliary files "config.guess" and "config.sub"
provided that you distribute them as part of the toolkit; on their
own, they fall under the terms of the GNU General Public License [gpl.txt].

The remainder of this software is a "United States Government Work"
under the terms of the United States Copyright Act.  It was written as
part of the authors' official duties as United States Government
employees and thus cannot be copyrighted.  This software is freely
available to the public for use. The National Library of Medicine and
the U.S. Government have not placed any restriction on its use or
reproduction.

Although all reasonable efforts have been taken to ensure the accuracy
and reliability of the software and data, the NLM and the U.S.
Government do not and cannot warrant the performance or results that
may be obtained by using this software or data. The NLM and the U.S.
Government disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including
warranties of performance, merchantability or fitness for any
particular purpose.

Please cite the authors in any work or product based on this material.
